[cheerful music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Harvey ♪
♪ Harvey ♪
♪ ♪
[cheerful music]
[camera shutter clicks]
♪ ♪
[loud smooching]
[camera shutter clicks]
- [giggling]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Cheers to good times
with old buddies.
- Old buddies, indeed.
You know, I can't even remember
the last time
we got to hang out one-on-one.
- Seriously.
Moff, I'm sorry about not
being around as much
as I used to.
Everything just gets
kind of crazy with a family,
and now with another baby
on the way--
ah, you know what I mean.
- I wasn't listening
to a word you said.
I always zone out
when you talk about your family.
So how shall we begin
this glorious day?
Perhaps watch
a ribald buddy comedy?
Play an L-rated video game?
Compose a rock opera?
[guitar strums]
- Well, heck, let's do it all.
I got no responsibilities today.
[knocking at door]
- Oh, that must be the pizzas
I ordered.
- Irving, I need your help.
Baby.
- What?
- Doctor.
- Doctor?
- Ten minutes.
- Uh.
- I have to go to work
at the library.
- Oh, oh, I completely forgot.
[exclaiming]
- But...hilarious buddy comedy?
- Sorry, Moff, I--
I got to take a rain check.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Guess I should just go
get into my sweatpants.
[phone ringing]
Yes, Irving.
Harvey can stay at my place.
[phone beeps]
♪ ♪
- You know what I love
about being a kid?
- [groans]
- There's just so many things
I don't understand yet.
Like, what even is this thing?
- No, no, no, no.
Rule number one: no touching.
- Got it.
I love rules.
- Hey, Harvey, we saw you
come over here to play.
- Oh, hey, guys.
- [groaning]
Too many children.
I agreed to babysit
one monster, not three.
- Hey, Moff, what's this stuff
called again?
Smoke junk?
Uh, smoke stacks?
- It's called steampunk
and, also, stop.
- Well, can we play
video games, please?
- [groaning]
Quit touching my stuff!
- Moff, you kind of seem upset.
Did I do something wrong?
- Oh, yes.
You ruined my life.
- What?
- Your father and I used
to be first-class pals,
a real dream team,
and then he got busy
and started making babies.
You ruined my friendship
with Irving.
- I'm a--a--friendship-ruiner?
- Oh, great.
I try so hard to suppress
unpleasant emotions,
and now they're all
over the place.
All right.
[leaf blower hums]
Everyone out.
[leaf blower humming]
- Harvey, you okay?
[somber music]
- What am I but a wedge
driven between brothers?
- Oh, man, he only gets
sadly poetic
when he's really bummed.
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
Is it--is it really my fault?
Moff was right.
I--I destroyed my Dad's life.
♪ ♪
I'm a bad son.
[groaning]
[grunts]
[steam hissing]
Is it true?
Did I--did I do that?
[groans]
Steampunk...
steampunk...
[instrumental music]
♪ ♪
[shimmering chimes]
Gears.
Get your gears here.
Gears of all shapes and sizes
for all your steampunk needs.
- Oh, wow.
Those look great.
- Yes, sir, and I think I have
the perfect gear for you...
right here.
Oh, hold on a second.
♪ ♪
Here you are.
- Oh, wow.
It's perfect.
Thank you.
- No, thank  you.
[sighs]
♪ I'm just a little gear boy ♪
♪ Selling my gears ♪
♪ Year after year ♪
♪ I'm not rich or big ♪
♪ I'm poor and I'm small ♪
♪ But who cares when I live
in the best city ♪
♪ Of all ♪
Steamberg!
♪ ♪
♪ Every little cog and gear ♪
♪ Yes, every little pipe
and valve ♪
♪ I love them all so dear ♪
♪ Every curly mustache
has a smile ♪
♪ 'Cause in Steamberg, you
can't help but just be happy ♪
♪ All the while ♪
♪ There's gears and goggles ♪
♪ And goggles and gears ♪
♪ And goggles, goggles,
goggles, goggles ♪
♪ Goggles, goggles, and gears ♪
♪ Look, there's a robot
on the street ♪
♪ He's made of copper ♪
Wow, that's really,
really, really neat.
♪ This wondrous place
where I belong ♪
♪ As long as I can stay here ♪
♪ Nothing ever will go wrong ♪
♪ You might say
this genre's lame ♪
♪ But the steam,
it calls my name ♪
- [whispering]
Harvey.
- Oh, hello.
♪ And today this
steampunk city's gonna fly ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ ♪
- Are you excited
for the big day, sir?
- Why, yes, of course,
steam butler.
♪ Mi, mi, mi, mi, mi, mi, mi ♪
[clears throat]
- Would you like me to leave
while you sing, sir?
- Yes, this is
a personal ballad.
You may go.
- Yes, sir.
- [clears throat]
♪ As mayor of Steamberg ♪
♪ I've done quite a lot ♪
♪ Built up this great city ♪
♪ It's true ♪
♪ And now thanks
to Irving the Inventor ♪
♪ I've got ♪
♪ The power to fly Steamberg ♪
♪ To the big blue ♪
- ♪ When you're living
here in Steamberg ♪
all: ♪ It's like living
in a Dreamberg ♪
- ♪ Every person
is impassioned ♪
- ♪ With impractical
old fashions ♪
- Is it the future?
- Or the past?
- Who even cares?
crowd: 'Cause it's a blast.
all: ♪ Our spirits
will be high ♪
♪ Once our mayor makes
this steampunk city ♪
♪ Fly ♪
[feet tapping]
- [breathing heavily]
[sighing]
[gasping]
[coughing]
[chuckles]
[feet tapping]
[chuckling]
Ha.
- Is he--is he done?
Okay.
[all cheering]
- Ah, yes, thank you.
Thank you.
I just started taking lessons.
And now, the moment
we've all been waiting for.
Today we turn on
the magical Power Crystal,
granting our fair city
the ability to fly
high above the clouds.
[giggling]
And none of this
would be possible
without our master engineer,
genius inventor,
and my best friend,
Irving.
[cheers and applause]
Are you ready to do this,
good chum?
- You bet, buddy.
crowd: Three, two, one.
[triumphant music]
[horns tooting]
♪ ♪
- Wow.
- Yes!
- Whoo-hoo!
We did it, buddy.
- Now, what do you say
we get a couple
of ice cream floats
to celebrate
our float-ing city?
[chuckling]
- [laughing]
This guy.
♪ ♪
[gears grinding]
- What's happening?
[people shouting]
- My gears!
Hey, wait a second.
Oh, there's a gear missing.
[gears jamming]
- I must have made
some kind of miscalculation.
- I can fix this.
[people screaming]
- Irving, what do we do?
- I'm not sure.
[metal clanking]
What's that?
- [humming]
Huh?
[screaming]
- Almost.
Hmm.
Nope.
[both screaming and smooching]
[both screaming]
- [screaming]
[metal clanking]
[dramatic music]
- That should do it.
[metal clangs]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
- Kid, where did you learn
to do that?
- Oh, it was nothing, really.
I just love gears.
- I love gears.
- I also love gears.
- I just had an amazing idea.
Little gear boy, would you
like to be my apprentice?
I'll teach you
everything I know.
- That sounds...
amaze-steam.
- [chuckles]
I love steam puns.
- Uh, Irving,
what about the ice cream floats?
For the floating city.
- Do you mind if I take
a rain check on those, Moff?
I want to take my new apprentice
to see my valve collection.
Would you like that?
- Would I!
- I got all kinds of gears
and gadgets--
- Do you have copper?
And--and...
[dramatic music]
- [grumbling]
[instrumental music]
- Boy, it was really cool
how that little kid
just fixed the city.
- Yeah, kids can do anything...
except vote.
[gears grinding,
electricity sparking]
[people screaming]
- Something is
not quite right here.
- [yells]
The whole city's tipping.
Help, help, help,
help, help, help.
- [yelling]
- Disaster.
The crystal which powers
our great city
has been corrupted.
[crystal shatters]
- How could this happen?
- That's terrible.
- So we can't fly?
- It was that piece of junk
stupid gear the boy used.
It blew everything up.
It's going to take me weeks
to get a new crystal,
all because of your dumb gear,
crystal-breaker.
- Crystal-breaker?
I--I swear I--I fixed it.
- Boo!
- You ruined this city.
- There's only one
suitable punishment
for crystal-breakers.
[chortling]
As mayor of Steamberg,
I hereby find the boy guilty
for breaking the priceless
Power Crystal
and for thinking he's better
than everyone else
and for tearing apart
best friends,
and for this, he must face
the steam-shot!
[metal clanking]
Uh, someone get the glue gun.
[whimsical music]
Thank you, Louis.
All right, off you go.
I sentence you to stay out
of my life forever.
- Please don't do this.
I can fix it.
I--I don't want to leave.
Uh, no, no, no.
- And...
- Wait, please, please.
- Good-bye.
- I'm sorry it didn't work out.
- [screaming]
[crowd cheering]
- And now that
that's taken care of,
how about that root beer float?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
- Kick it here.
- [grunts]
[air hisses]
- Aw, man.
[distant screaming]
♪ ♪
- [screaming]
[grunts]
- Oh, my gosh,
a new ball.
Aw, that's not a ball.
- [breathing heavily]
- Hello?
- Oh, hey, you're awake.
I thought you had
a nasty bump on your head.
Turns out it was just
your whole head.
My name's Dade.
- Oh, uh, nice to meet you.
I'm Harvey.
- Harvey.
Wow, that's a cool name.
You seem really cool.
- Thank you, but I'm not.
I'm just a worthless nobody who
ruins stuff for other people.
- Oh, by golly, that's--
that's wonderful.
That means you'll fit right in
around here.
- I don't--I don't even know
where I am.
- Harvey, my sweet child,
you're right where you belong,
here with me in Reject Town.
- Reject Town?
- Best town in the world.
In fact, I'll tell you
about it right now
by singing.
♪ Here in our town ♪
♪ Called Reject Town ♪
♪ So many wonders to be found ♪
♪ And I'd love to share
them all with you ♪
- [coughing]
- ♪ 'Cause in this magic world ♪
♪ Of steampunk ♪
♪ We built our town
out of steam junk ♪
♪ And I just know you're gonna
want to live here too ♪
♪ See, over there's
our playground ♪
♪ And that's our public pool ♪
Oh, and that's the library.
You know, it doesn't really
have any books yet,
but that's okay, 'cause none
of us know how to read anyway.
- Wait, so you're saying
everything here
is made out of garbage?
- Yep.
♪ All the stuff
people throw out ♪
♪ That no one wants
or cares about ♪
♪ Living under trash can lids ♪
♪ We're just a bunch
of worthless kids ♪
- Oh, my gosh.
- Ah, you get used to it.
Everyone does.
Say, let's go meet
some of the other rejects.
They can tell you all about
how great it is here.
Oh, boy, oh, boy.
This is gonna be fun.
- ♪ This is my life
in Reject Town ♪
♪ I sleep outside
and on the ground ♪
♪ On a bed of broken glass
and nails ♪
♪ 'Cause things are tough
when you're rejected ♪
♪ But it's the life
that I've accepted ♪
♪ Why should I try for more? ♪
♪ I'd only fail ♪
- ♪ I'm always getting stung
by bees ♪
- ♪ I burn my toys
so I don't freeze ♪
all: ♪ And everyone's infected
with disease ♪
- ♪ Welcome
to my flower garden ♪
♪ Watered with the tears I cry ♪
♪ Whenever I feel hopeless ♪
And I feel hopeless
almost all the time.
- Uh, I think these flowers
are actually dead.
- They are?
- Shh, shh.
They're fine.
It's fine.
Okay, thank you, Piri Piri.
- It was nice to meet you.
- See?
What'd I tell you, huh?
I just know you're gonna
like it here,
and everybody's gonna like
you.
I mean, 'cause I sure do
like you.
Come on, everyone.
Let's bring it home now
for my new pal Harvey.
all: ♪ Here in our town
called Reject Town ♪
♪ The air we breathe
is grayish brown ♪
♪ Our days are short,
our nights are sad and long ♪
♪ Yeah, it's the life
we have to live ♪
♪ 'Cause we've got
no alternative ♪
♪ Our reject town
is where we all belong ♪
♪ And now it's time for us
to end this song ♪
[crashing]
- [gasping]
So what do you say, buddy?
You ready to move in?
- Oh, goodness, no.
- What?
You--you hated our song,
didn't you?
Oh, my gosh, I told you people
to watch your pitch,
ya bunch of hacks.
- No, no, no, no, no.
The song was fine.
It's just that--
guys, just because you're kids
doesn't mean that you have
to live in garbage.
You deserve better.
- We do?
- Yeah.
I know a wonderful place
covered in gears,
where you can eat
regular food
and sleep in regular beds,
and the streets are paved--
- With gold?
- No, but they're paved.
It's called Steamberg.
[all speaking at once]
- It sounds amazing.
- Oh, except I just remembered.
I got kicked out.
I messed up, and I broke
a really important crystal,
but maybe if we find
another one,
we could all go live
in Steamberg together.
[all speaking at once]
- But how are we supposed
to find a magic crystal?
- I don't think we have
crystals around here.
All we have is tetanus.
- Oh, well, looks like
you're just gonna have
to stay here forever.
You can live with me.
- What about Randl's shop?
- Shut up!
- Yeah, let's go to Randl's.
[wacky music]
- Crystals?
I don't think we have any--
- You boys want to see
a crystal?
My son here got me
a real nice crystal.
Look at this right here.
- Ma, how many times
do I have to tell you?
That's just candy.
I watched you steal it
out of a vending machine.
- Ooh, it's a juicy one,
children.
- Unbelievable.
- You're unbelievable.
- Okay.
So you don't have
any Power Crystals?
- The only place
to get one of those
is at the Crystal Cavern
of Madness, Majesty, and Chaos
Supreme Mountain.
- Oh, cool.
Well, I guess we better
hit the road.
- Not so fast.
You got to have an airship
before you can even dream
of reaching that place.
- Cool.
Do you got an airship?
- No.
both: Aww.
- But I'll tell you
where you can get one,
for a price.
- I don't have any money.
- I like your hat.
♪ ♪
- Harvey, be careful in here.
Everyone is hopped up
on pop and pretzels.
- Excuse me.
Can anyone help me?
I'm looking for the sky captain.
[all gasp]
- [whispering]
In the back.
♪ ♪
- [crying]
- I told you,
I wanted the crust cut off
my grilled cheese sandwich.
What are you
looking at, bighead?
♪ ♪
- So I hear
you're a pretty good pilot.
- I'm the best there is, kid.
I did the Steamell run
in 12 parsteams.
- Oh, yeah?
Prove it.
- 'Kay.
[imitating airplane sounds]
- Ooh, she is really good.
- Harvey, I don't like
the looks of these two.
- [growling]
- They seem cool,
and they're gonna fly us
to the cavern totally free.
- Whoa, hold on there, buddy.
Our services ain't free.
They have a fee.
- Yeah, a fee.
What Fee said.
- But I don't have anything.
- Okay, then I guess
we'll just be on our way.
Sorry to have wasted your time.
See you never again.
- Wait, I do have something:
the most precious thing
in the whole universe.
- Empanadas?
- Oh, those are pretty good,
but, no.
I'm talkin' 'bout friendship.
- What's a friendship?
- Friendship is something
that supports you,
can carry you forever,
and never ever gives up on you,
runs around,
or deserts you.
- That sounds like
an impressive ship,
and you say we can
have it forever?
- It's all yours,
if you want it.
- Can it carry a lot of people?
Or even empanadas?
- Friendship can do anything.
both: Whoa.
- You've got yourself a deal.
- Yeah!
- Ugh, nuts.
[glasses clink]
both: To friendship.
- Whoa.
This thing is great.
Stuff with faces is, like,
the best stuff.
- All right.
We got a lot of flying
ahead of us,
so let's move on out.
- I hope you have barf bags,
'cause sometimes I get seasick
and airsick and ground-sick.
- [murmured chittering]
- I better let the boss know
about this.
- So, Irving, how about
we catch a matinee?
Or a matin-B or a matin-C?
Any of the matins.
They're all great.
- Sounds good, buddy,
but I'm still trying to fix
this doohickey.
[phone ringing]
- Oh, excuse me.
Hello?
They did what?
[stammering]
Excuse me, Irving.
I got to go to the, uh,
butt doctor
for my, you know.
For my butt.
♪ ♪
[groaning]
Oh, that boy thinks he can
come back here
and take my friend?
[grunts]
[bombastic music]
♪ ♪
Fly, my Fredd Bots.
Fly!
Oh, I'm slipping.
Guys, I have
a really good feeling
that nothing
is gonna stop us.
- I'm going to stop him!
[cackling]
[exciting music]
♪ ♪